ANHARMONIC STUDIO — UNSIGNED DOWNLOAD INSTALLATION

Official packages intentionally have no verified Windows publisher signature
or Apple Developer ID/notarization. Payment does not remove OS security warnings
or guarantee installation on managed computers. No signing purchase is required
by our release policy. An unsigned download is not a security certification.

BEFORE INSTALLING

Use the official checkout confirmation page, not third-party download links.
Choose Windows x86_64, Linux x86_64, Apple Silicon Mac, or Intel Mac to match your
computer. Keep a backup of important projects before updating.

Compare the complete SHA-256 hash of the downloaded installer with the checksum
on your official download page. Replace the quoted example filename below with
the exact file you downloaded:

  Windows PowerShell: Get-FileHash -Algorithm SHA256 -LiteralPath "installer.exe"
  macOS Terminal:     shasum -a 256 "installer.dmg"
  Linux Terminal:     sha256sum "installer.tar.gz"

A matching hash confirms matching bytes, not that software is safe. If it does
not match, do not run the file; download again or contact support.

WINDOWS

Open the setup EXE. If an unrecognized-app SmartScreen warning appears, review
the download source and checksum. If you trust the file and your device allows
it, More info may offer Run anyway. Unknown publisher is expected. Install for
your current user; the installer provides a Start menu shortcut and uninstaller.
Smart App Control or an organization policy can block unsigned apps entirely.
If approval is unavailable, contact your device administrator or support. Do not
disable security protections to force installation.

MAC — APPLE SILICON OR INTEL

Open the matching DMG and copy AnharmonicStudio.app to Applications. Try opening
the copied app once. If macOS reports an unidentified developer and you trust
the download, open System Settings > Privacy & Security and look for Open Anyway.
Review the follow-up prompt. This per-app option may not be available on managed
computers. The app is not notarized by Apple. Do not use terminal commands to
disable Gatekeeper, remove quarantine recursively, or bypass malware alerts.

LINUX

Extract the whole tar.gz into a new folder. Keep AnharmonicStudio with all its
bundled files; do not move the executable alone. From its extracted folder run:

  ./AnharmonicStudio

For the per-user launcher/install integration, from that same folder run:

  ./AnharmonicStudio --install

No sudo is required. Compatible system libraries and graphics/audio drivers are
still needed. The Ubuntu 22.04 release runner supplies the portable baseline;
a local development-machine build may require a newer glibc.

AFTER INSTALLING

Select your audio input/output in the app's device settings. Grant microphone
access only if recording is wanted. Start with low speaker/headphone volume,
test playback and recording using disposable audio, and check save/reopen/export
before using a valuable session. Software test results do not guarantee every
physical audio interface or driver combination.

STOP IF YOU SEE A MALWARE, TAMPERING, OR DAMAGED-FILE ALERT

These are not ordinary unidentified-publisher warnings. Do not bypass them or
disable antivirus/system-wide protections. Contact anharmoniclabs@gmail.com with
your OS, app version, and warning text. Do not post private payment references,
recordings, or credentials in public issues.

Official OS guidance:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/package-and-deploy/smartscreen-reputation
https://support.apple.com/en-us/102445

Current installation guidance and support:
https://anharmoniclabs.github.io/AnharmonicStudio/#installation-guidance
https://github.com/Anharmoniclabs/AnharmonicStudio/blob/main/SUPPORT.md
